---
title: "Bitter Battle"
id: "111"
prev: "110"
next: "112"
---

# Chapter 111: Bitter Battle

At this thought, Li Qi suddenly stood up. "Rabbit! I have a plan!"

Li Qi was so excited that he directly yelled out 'Rabbit.'

Normally, he only called her that in his head. Outwardly, he always respectfully addressed her as 'Miss Shen.'

However, Shen Shuibi no longer cared what he called her. Upon hearing he had a plan, she immediately asked, "What plan!?"

"I still need you to act as a sacrifice, but it won't lead to your death." Li Qi stood up and took out his longsword to start digging into the rock. As he dug, he explained, "I will set up a dharma altar here to offer a sacrifice to the mountain god of White Snake Mountain. I'll use you, Miss Shen, as the sacrifice to summon him. We'll create a massive commotion to send a signal to Shaman God Mountain."

"With Shaman God Mountain's capabilities and Lady Luofu's importance, they will definitely take action the instant they notice it. Miss Shen, tell me, does Shaman God Mountain have the ability to instantly cross countless tens of thousands of li to reach here?" Li Qi asked.

Shen Shuibi answered immediately, her face lighting up with pleasant surprise. "It might take some time for people to physically arrive, but striking through the void should be instantaneous! Li Qi, you really are smarter than me. I'll help too. What do we need for the dharma altar?"

"To sacrifice to a mountain god, it's just as I said before. We need the same things: pure mountain spring water and a corresponding sacrifice. You are a pure white rabbit, so you fall into this category! It's just... I might need a piece of your flesh." Li Qi said while continuing to dig at the stones.

"No matter. It's just a bit of flesh and blood. It will grow back after a few centuries of recuperation. My rank is still intact, so the mountain god of White Snake Mountain probably isn't qualified to bear too much of it anyway. This much should be enough," Shen Shuibi said. She then directly twisted off her own thumb.

There was no blood, and Shen Shuibi didn't even make a sound, yet it gave Li Qi an indescribable feeling.

Her body seemed to shed that ethereal, unblemished temperament, turning her into an ordinary person.

Li Qi watched with his own eyes as the numerous types of qi that were originally kept at bay began frantically surging into her body. She was no longer impervious to the cold and heat, nor was she immune to all poisons.

"Your Unsullied Body?" Li Qi frowned.

"Since my physical body is damaged, it naturally broke as well. It doesn't matter, I'll have chances to cultivate it again in the future. The thumb should be the most suitable." Shen Shuibi cared absolutely nothing for the loss of her cultivation base.

What was clearly an achievement requiring a millennium to cultivate had been discarded just like that.

Then again, for Lady Luofu's sake, she had been prepared to offer herself on the altar. She had already sacrificed her cultivation earlier; what did it matter if her Unsullied Body was broken now?

"The thumb belongs to the earth element. Earth represents the ground and corresponds to the Kun trigram. Kun represents the mother, which is why the thumb is called the 'mother finger'. It resonates perfectly with the earth. It should be just right for a sacrifice to a mountain god. We also need pure mountain spring water. I'll go fetch it right now. Old Ma! Come with me!" In that moment, Shen Shuibi erupted with immense initiative, dragging Old Ma along to gather the other items needed for the ritual.

As for Li Qi, looking at the thumb Shen Shuibi had ripped off herself, he felt a complex mix of emotions.

The strongest among them was anger.

Then, he shook his head.

_This is no time to be thinking about such things. Get to work!_ He slapped himself across the face and resumed digging out the rocks.

As the saying went, 'The earth values Yang, and sacrifices to it must be made on a round mound amidst a marsh.' This meant that the nature of the earth favored Yang, so sacrifices to it had to be conducted on a circular mound in a low-lying area.

Li Qi excavated stones, found the appropriate location, and began setting up the site.

Time was of the essence; he didn't have the luxury to be angry.

He only had half a day's time. He had to speed up.

---

Not far away, Yang Ning was bitterly holding on.

Six hours had already passed. The half-day time limit was fast approaching.

Through that female phantom, one could see a woman with golden-red eyes within the precious canopy.

She had dazzling, waist-length hair that seemed to emit a dark red glow. With her golden-red eyes and fair skin, her aura was flamboyant, radiating a fierce, sun-like intensity. She was a head taller than Shen Shuibi and possessed a much curvier figure.

She was the Sun Essence Golden Crow, one of the sun and moon essences that attended Lady Luofu.

"Just what is Shen Shuibi doing?! Didn't she say she had a plan? Why isn't she here yet!" Yang Ning cursed angrily. She then bit her index finger, drawing a drop of lifeblood that merged into the phantom before her.

Her dharma power had long been depleted. She was only able to hold on now by burning her lifeblood and divine soul.

Like Shen Shuibi, her injuries were extremely severe. It was just that she hadn't needed to cripple her own cultivation.

The extent of Yang Ning's self-mutilation was in no way inferior to Shen Shuibi's.

Everything was solely for... Lady Luofu.

She turned her head, her beautiful eyes locked onto an alchemy cauldron not far away.

A Rank 2 dharma treasure, the Sun and Moon True Lead Cauldron.

Its name was derived from the concept: 'Molding the crow and rabbit into the sun and moon by hand.' It used true intent to capture true lead, returning it to the central palace to mix with true mercury, a process known as 'mixing the returning wind,' just as the saying goes, 'A cup of the wine of immortality, poured into the jade cauldron.'[^1]

The Sun Essence and Moon Essence were refined from this very cauldron. One could say that Lady Luofu was practically their mother.

Lady Luofu's surviving true spirit was hidden deep within it, safe from external interference.

No matter what happened, Lady Luofu was always the most important.

She only hoped that silly Shen Shuibi really could come up with a solution!

Yang Ning gritted her teeth and continued to face the two demon kings before her.

"How much longer can you hold out!" The Bear Slaughter King manipulated his military qi, using his subordinate demon soldiers as a medium to fiercely batter the precious canopy.

"You'd better hand over the information about Lady Luofu soon, lest you suffer the agony of my curse insects devouring your soul later!" The Curse Devil King threatened once again, his purple curse venom having already spread onto the precious canopy.

Within the murals of the precious canopy, the lifelike spirit beasts and perfected beings fled deeper inside in terror. Pushing and shoving each other, they dissolved into a chaotic mess, terrified of being tainted by even a speck of the curse venom.

Seeing this, Yang Ning cast another spell. Holding a seal with one hand, she chanted, "Luofu brings peace and stability, proclaiming to all spirits. The altars of soil on the left and grain on the right, let there be no reckless panic. Return to the righteous Dao, clear both inside and out. Secure your respective positions and guard the courtyard. Yang Ning issues this edict, let there be no mistakes!"

Issuing the edict with her own authority, countless mural figures were forced to surge outward. They each deployed their own methods to resist the curse venom. At first glance, it actually looked as though they had pushed it back.

However, some mural figures let out miserable howls as they were tainted by the venom. Though they seemingly resisted the corrosion temporarily, it was draining the fundamental essence of the precious canopy. After this, this Rank 6 dharma treasure would likely drop in rank.

Outside, the two demon kings exchanged a glance and nodded at each other.

The other party was at the end of her rope and had started consuming the dharma treasure's fundamental essence to resist.

In that case, there was no need to risk their lives. They just needed to take their time and slowly grind her to death.

Once that was done, it wouldn't be too late to look for what they wanted.

The two demon kings made up their minds.

It would only take a few more hours anyway, which was more than enough time. If they attacked too hastily, they risked triggering some desperate, mutually assured destruction counterattack. After all, she was once a Rank 5 entity. Even if she was heavily injured now with less than one percent of her strength remaining, they still needed to be careful and cautious.

However, right at that moment, a pillar of divine light suddenly erupted from the gorge not far away! It demanded everyone's attention!

[^1]: In Daoist cultivation, achieveing immortality require the perfect, harmonious fusion of Yin and Yang.

    True Mercury is associated with Fire. Mercury is volitle, erratic, and naturally wants to rise and scatter.
    
    True Lead is associated with Water. Lead is heavy, steady, and naturally sinks.
    
    Normally, Fire rises and Water sinks, meaning they separate and lead to aging and death.
    
    Daoist cultivation seeks to reverse this: forcing the heavy Lead (Water) to rise and the volatile Mercury (Fire) to sink so they interact and boil together.

    True Intent is the cultivator's unwavering, absolute focus and willpower. Without True Intent, the volatile Mercury and heavy Lead will never mix.
    
    Central Palace refers to the Middle or Lower Dantian. It is associated with the Earth element. The True Intent guides the Lead and Mercury into this "Central Palace" so they can be smelted together without escaping.
    
    The cauldron literally possesses the supreme power to manipulate Lead (Yin/Moon) and Mercury (Yang/Sun), which is why it gave birth to Yang Ning (Sun) and Shen Shuibi (Moon).