---
title: "Mahakala"
id: "189"
prev: "188"
next: "190"
---

# Chapter 189: Mahakala

Hearing this, Monk Chanzhi nodded and asked, "So you are a distinguished disciple of Shaman God Mountain. No wonder you are so outstanding. Which lineage of Shaman God Mountain do you belong to, benefactor?"

"An Invocator, of the Earthly Divinity lineage," Li Qi replied.

Evidently, Chanzhi was probing Li Qi.

Although he wasn't like other inexperienced people who would freeze up just hearing the name Shaman God Mountain, it was clear he remained cautious of those words. He did not speak disrespectfully, nor did he rashly accuse Li Qi of lying.

When facing a power that could stand on equal footing with the Western Buddhist Kingdom, even Chanzhi needed to maintain a certain level of respect.

Hearing Li Qi answer with the Invocator Earthly Divinity lineage, Chanzhi nodded. "I see. This poor monk's origins are similar to yours. I come from beneath the throne of Mahakala, and my dharma lineage originates from Dakini. This status is roughly equivalent to your Earthly Divinity lineage."

Li Qi, however, broke out in a cold sweat after hearing this.

_Damn it! No wonder this demonic cleric is so ruthless, not even hesitating to perform blood sacrifices!_

Mahakala... even he had heard of it!

A notoriously demonic god who wore human bones. Even his Buddhist statues held kapala bowls fashioned from human skulls, brimming with human blood. Wearing a necklace of skulls, he was bloodthirsty and terrifying, delighting in subduing the stubborn and strong.

Furthermore, this backing was in no way weaker than his own.

Seemingly noticing Li Qi's face pale and break out in a cold sweat, Chanzhi smiled gently.

With this amiable smile, he said, "It seems you have heard of him, benefactor. It is just that the world deeply misunderstands Mahakala, believing him to be cruel and merciless. In truth, this is not the case."

"Such remarks all originate from the _Mahamayuri Vidyarajni Sutra_[^1]. The text claims that Mahakala dwells within the 'Corpse Forest', but in truth, he resides in Smashana[^2]. 'Corpse Forest' is merely a derogatory term. The Peacock Sutra states that Mahakala delights in human flesh and frequently roams the night with his boundless retinue of ghost-gods to stealthily devour human blood and meat. Yet, this is nothing more than superficial appearance."

Li Qi shuddered as he listened.

_Great Master Chanzhi, you only said it's a superficial appearance, you never said it was fake..._

In fact, as an Invocator, Li Qi possessed the sacrificial methods for all sorts of top-tier great gods.

That was exactly why he broke into a cold sweat the moment he heard the name of the great god Mahakala.

Because according to the records in _[Invocation]_, sacrificing to Mahakala required cakes made of black flour and human blood as the primary offering. There had to be a mixture of five types of meat, one of which was human. Furthermore, one had to offer the skull of a child born of incest, filled to the brim with blood and mustard seeds. In addition, the skin of a young boy was required, alongside a bowl of human blood and brains. Human oil lamps with wicks made of hair were to be lit around the altar, and the entire ritual concluded with dough crafted from human gallbladders, brains, blood, and internal organs.

Such a paramount evil god had merely been subdued by Vairocana Buddha[^3], and subsequently turned into a guardian deity of the Buddhist Sect...

But this entity had never been a benevolent existence.

Yet Chanzhi didn't seem to notice Li Qi's pale face as he continued explaining, "Mahakala is a god of combat and guardianship. If he were not a bit ferocious, how could he deter devils and fiends?"

_Damn it, he is the biggest devil of them all! A fiend that required Mahavairocana Tathagata[^4] to personally take action to subdue, and he has the nerve to talk about deterring others!?_

Ignoring Li Qi's internal cursing, Chanzhi continued, "The bowl of blood in his hands is the blood of the Four Maras[^5]: the ego, the passions, mortality, and heavenly temptation. Wearing skulls symbolizes spiritual wisdom. The head is inherently the vessel where wisdom resides, and the five skulls upon his body represent the 'Five Wisdoms'[^6]."

"The reason he is ferocious and cruel is to subdue and deliver the gradually deteriorating sentient beings during the Dharma-Ending Age. Since sentient beings harbor evil, they naturally require a guardian deity to purify them."

"Does Benefactor know that aside from Mahakala and Dakini, there is also the Venerable Sri Devi? The saddle beneath her is also made of human skin—specifically, the skin of her own son. Because Sri Devi's son refused to submit to the clerics and lamas and was bound to fall into the evil paths, the goddess Sri Devi righteously slew her own kin. She flayed him and made a saddle of his skin to demonstrate her Buddha heart. Mahakala is merely similar in nature."

"It's just that Mahakala's scope of protection is broader. Evil beings require punishment, but as for good men and believing women, as long as they frequently serve him and chant his true mantra, Mahakala will shield their bodies. Evil spirits, malicious ghosts, mountain demons, and formless entities will all be unable to harm them. Even the evil beings of the Dharma-Ending Age, if they can awaken early, can receive forgiveness and avoid Mahakala's punishment."

Listening to all of this, the corner of Li Qi's eye twitched.

_Damn it, he's just collecting protection money!?_

However, Li Qi immediately pressed his palms together. "I see. To think Mahakala harbors such painstaking consideration for all living beings. This junior was narrow-minded previously. But what about Dakini?"

Chanzhi answered promptly, "Beneath Mahakala's throne are the Seven Mother Goddesses, as well as Dakini."

"Dakini, also known as the Wisdom Dakini, possesses millions of faces. She is the manifestation of the absolute truth of all Buddhas, encompassing all aspects of good and evil, right and wrong, good and bad, as well as greed, ignorance, and anger."

"Dakini was originally a Yaksha[^7] fiend who delighted in devouring human hearts. Later, she was subdued by Mahakala using the 'Dharma of Subjugating the Three Worlds'[^8], compelling her to submit her life to the Buddha. Thus, she became the Venerable Dakini. Her true form is the Bodhisattva Akasagarbha[^9], manifesting in the form of a heavenly maiden with the perfect merits of a Buddha to deliver all sentient beings."

"She delights in eating human hearts, and is highly skilled at it, which allows her to observe the good and evil within the hearts of sentient beings."

"The myriad beings possess millions of appearances: beautiful and ugly, good and evil, clever and foolish, right and wrong, good and bad, even all sorts of perverse and inverted hearts. These hearts manifest the heavens, the human realm, the Nether Prison, and the Six Paths of Reincarnation. Yet, the heart is also the most elusive thing. After submitting to the Buddha, Dakini harbored compassion, and thus utilized this method to assist beings in observing their inner afflictions, their beauty and ugliness, their goodness and wickedness, their truth and falsehood. By facing the millions of appearances of the myriad beings with her own body, she acts as a Great Radiant Mirror, helping beings see their true selves and perceive the Tathagata within their hearts."

"This is the origin of this poor monk's predicament."

With Chanzhi saying this, Li Qi immediately realized the other party was getting down to business.

So he wiped away his cold sweat, sat up straight, and listened carefully to Chanzhi's words.

Because Li Qi had already noticed that his previous speculation about the situation might have been slightly flawed.

Previously, he thought that Chanzhi had made a mistake in his cultivation method, causing him to fall into the Devil Dao.

Looking at it now, this demonic cleric was purely a cultivator of the Devil Dao; it was just that his demonic thoughts had currently lost their balance!

If he wasn't careful, he'd end up becoming a kapala bowl in the monk's hands.

"This poor monk's cultivation method is the Dakini Dharma. It can observe the hearts of sentient beings. But to observe the heart, one must first cultivate their own. Therefore, this poor monk subdued one hundred and eight devils, devoured their hearts, and integrated their demonic thoughts into my Buddha heart. Thus, you saw what you did—the statues of the Arhat subduing the hundred devils on the first tier of the five-tiered Buddhist Pagoda."

Li Qi shrank his neck back.

_Oh no. Based on what he's saying, this guy also possesses mind-reading techniques..._

_He didn't hear my internal cursing just now, right?_

However, Chanzhi didn't seem to pay any mind to Li Qi's internal grumbling. Instead, he continued explaining his predicament. "The Dakini Dharma allows one to devour a person's heart and thereby acquire all of their spiritual wisdom and memories."

_Oh, what a relief. He can't read minds, he can only... wait. After eating a person's heart, he acquires all their spiritual wisdom and memories?!_

Li Qi nearly tumbled over, but he quickly took a deep breath, forcing himself to sit steadily.

_If the other party has this divine ability, then what does he need me for!?_

_Wouldn't it be a happy ending for him to just dig out my heart and eat it? He wouldn't even need to ask a single question to instantly acquire the orthodox Shaman Dao inheritance._

_No,_ Li Qi frowned.

If that were truly the case, then this demonic cleric wouldn't be wasting so much breath talking to him.

He'd continue listening to what he had to say for now.

Li Qi kept listening.

Chanzhi seemed entirely oblivious to Li Qi's startled mental gymnastics. He continued gently, "Dakini was originally a Yaksha fiend who loved eating human hearts. The Venerable Dakini herself is the manifestation of this great evil ghost."

"Volume Ten of the _Commentary on the Mahavairocana Sutra_ records: 'Dakini is a subordinate of the Great Black God[^10], one of the Yaksha ghosts. She possesses unhindered divine ability and can foresee a person's time of death six months in advance. Consequently, she extracts and eats their heart ahead of time, replacing it with another object. Only when the person is truly fated to die does the substitute decay. Those who cultivate this method can attain divine abilities and great achievements. Vairocana Buddha, in order to eliminate this horde, used the Dharma of Subjugating the Three Worlds, transforming into the Great Black God to conquer them, compelling them all to take refuge in the Buddha.'"

"With this foundation, cultivating the Dakini Dharma requires one to first become a Devil before becoming a Buddha, just as Dakini acted as a Yaksha in the past before being subdued by Mahakala."

"This poor monk subdued one hundred and eight devils and devoured their hearts. Now, demonic thoughts have taken deep root within me. Yet, this is also the foundation of my cultivation method. I cannot discard it; I can only forcefully suppress it."

"Originally, this poor monk did exactly as you said. I used the Heart Hunting divine ability of the Dakini Dharma to hunt the hearts of the Vast Yang Minister of State and the Minister of War. Then, I ate their hearts and filled their chests with other objects, reducing them to my puppets. Through this method, I could comprehend the natural laws of the Shaman Dao. By harmonizing Buddha and Devil in this way, I could achieve a breakthrough past the demonic thoughts."

As Li Qi listened to Chanzhi recount all this, he was also mentally calculating his own affairs.

The Heart Hunting divine ability was likely the unhindered divine ability the other party had just mentioned.

In the book of spell arts given by his teacher, the Grand Invocator, there was a corresponding explanation. He rummaged through his memories and found the relevant record.

The Heart Hunting divine ability was a power that allowed one to foresee another's time of death, replacing their heart with a substitute in order to hunt and consume it.

Dakini loved eating human hearts. After eating a heart, she would insert a decaying object to beat in place of the victim's heart. The victim would generally notice no abnormality at all and could even continue living normally.

But in reality, the moment Dakini swallowed their heart, the person was already no different from dead. At most, they would last six months, or they would die instantly the moment Dakini willed it.

Later, this divine ability evolved into other versions. For example, the version Chanzhi was using now likely involved changing the filler object, allowing him to create his own puppets.

Chanzhi had used this exact trick to draw Vast Yang City into his demonic grasp.

The real Minister of State and Minister of War had died long ago. Their hearts, spiritual wisdom, and memories had all been eaten by Chanzhi.

What walked the world now were merely empty shells.

Looking at it this way, the majority of his deductions had been correct. Aside from underestimating the extent of Chanzhi's demonic madness, he had basically nailed everything else.

So, Chanzhi's ultimate goal was to shed the influence of the demonic thoughts.

Li Qi also had to achieve this if he wanted to escape from this place.

While Li Qi was thinking, Chanzhi continued his explanation, detailing the foundation of his cultivation method and the problem he needed to solve.

Obviously, he genuinely intended for Li Qi to help him with this favor.

Although Li Qi didn't know why the other party didn't just choose to eat him directly, insisting on going through all this unnecessary trouble instead, it wasn't important.

It was a good thing the monk wasn't eating him. Why bother worrying about the rest? Pondering it all day wouldn't yield any results. It was better to calmly accept the current situation and make his choices based on that.

Perhaps it was because of his background with Shaman God Mountain.

Two quarter-hours passed, and Chanzhi finally finished explaining the foundation of his cultivation method. He truly laid everything bare.

At the very beginning, he only spoke of ordinary things, like his origins and the like.

Up to that point, Li Qi could still handle it calmly.

A quarter-hour later, he began touching upon specific cultivation techniques, even including details like what kind of qi to use and how to elevate one's realm.

By that point, Li Qi had started to fidget uncomfortably.

After two quarter-hours, he had explained his cultivation method so thoroughly and frankly that Li Qi felt he could find a Rank 7 expert right now, coordinate with them, and immediately lay out a targeted scheme to kill this monk right here and now.

Thinking of this, Li Qi felt his hair stand on end.

_This demonic cleric... explaining his foundation so clearly. He isn't planning to kill the donkey after it finishes milling the grain, is he?_

"These are the specific details. Now it is benefactor's turn to speak. How do you plan to resolve this poor monk's predicament? You made a promise to this poor monk back on that battlefield." Chanzhi looked at Li Qi with a smiling expression.

Li Qi immediately replied, "Do not be impatient, Great Master. I only said that because I possessed absolute certainty. Please, listen to what I have to say."

He spoke rapidly, terrified that if he answered too slowly, Chanzhi would pluck his head off to make a kapala bowl.

"This Buddhist Pagoda is the manifestation of Great Master Chanzhi's dao rhythm and cultivation base. It was personally bestowed by the Venerable Dakini, correct?" Li Qi asked.

Chanzhi nodded and replied, "Exactly so. Master once said that when the Buddhist Pagoda is built to seven tiers, that will be the moment I step into Rank 6. To this day, four tiers have already been completed. I extracted the human qi and karma of tens of thousands of families to construct the framework for the fifth tier, preparing to balance Buddha and Devil here. However, this fifth tier is still seventy percent empty."

"I would like to visit the first tier first to take a look at the demonic thoughts of the hundred devils. Will this hinder the Great Master?" Li Qi asked again.

"It will not. Please do as you wish, Benefactor. However, Benefactor still has not explained how you intend to go about this," Chanzhi reminded him benevolently.

"To harmonize all things, one must first understand all things. If I am to neutralize the demonic thoughts, I must first see what these demonic thoughts look like," Li Qi stated.

"Then please, go ahead. I shall wait quietly for benefactor here." Chanzhi nodded, pressed his palms together, and closed his eyes, allowing Li Qi to leave. He seemed completely unconcerned about him running away.

Of course, Li Qi certainly wasn't going to run away either.

The other party was a Rank 7 mighty figure. Li Qi would have to be out of his mind to try and run. Where could he run to? He wouldn't be able to escape even at the ends of the earth.

He swiftly descended the stairs and arrived at the first tier of the five-tiered Buddhist Pagoda.

The area was completely devoid of people. There were only one hundred and eight Arhat statues placed around. Beside each Arhat rested a shivering devil, small in stature, suppressed by the Arhat statue.

Taking a deep breath, Li Qi mobilized his own dao rhythm.

The _True Sight_ dao rhythm—its ability could analyze all things.

These demonic thoughts were a part of Chanzhi's inner heart.

Which meant that right now, he was essentially touching Chanzhi's most vulnerable point.

Li Qi had never been one to sit and wait for death, even when facing a Rank 7 expert who was akin to a living god or Buddha.

[^1]: It can be translated as 'Sutra of the Great Peacock Wisdom Queen', but I've transliterated to the original Sanskrit term.
[^2]: Let me break it down the pronounciation for you:

    * **Shma:** Like the "shm" in "shmuck" or "shmooze," but with a very short "uh" sound at the end.
    * **Shaan:** Rhymes with "Shah" or the "fa" in "father." This is the long, stressed vowel.
    * **nuh:** Like the "na" at the end of "banana." It’s a soft, neutral "uh" sound.
    
    In Indian culture, a smasana is a place where the dead are sent off with cremation. It is basically a cemetary, but where the dead are cremated, rather than buried.
    
    In Buddhism, monks would often meditate in these grounds to confront the reality of death and the decay of the body. This practice is known as asubha bhavana (meditation on the "unattractive" or "foulness") to overcome attachment to the physical self.
[^3]: The name **Vairocana** means "The Illuminator" or "He Who Is Like the Sun."

    In philosophical sense, he represents the light of wisdom that shines everywhere, leaving no corner in darkness—much like the sun, but on a spiritual and universal level.
    
    In the doctrine of the Trikaya (the three bodies of the Buddha), Vairocana represents the Dharmakaya.
    
    While Siddhartha Gautama (Shakyamuni) is the historical, physical body who lived on Earth, Vairocana is the ultimate, primordial reality from which all Buddhas and all of existence emanate.
    
    He is not just a teacher; he is the universe itself.
[^4]: Another term to refer to **Vairocana Buddha.**
[^5]: In Sanskrit and Pali, **Mara** literally means "the bringer of death" or "the killer." In Buddhist and Hindu philosophy, Mara is both a literal mythological figure and a psychological metaphor for everything that keeps us trapped in the cycle of suffering (Samsāra).

    In Chinese, it is written as 魔 (mó). This term is often translated as "devil" or sometimes "demon".
    
    So far, all instances of "devil" you've seen are actually this 魔 (mó).

    Usually, it doesn't matter if it is translated as "devil", but in Buddhist context, it is a different.
    
    In Buddhist mythology, Mara is a powerful celestial being who resides in the highest heaven of the Realm of Desire. He is essentially the "Anti-Buddha."
    
    When Siddhartha Gautama sat under the Bodhi tree to achieve enlightenment, Mara led an army of demons to attack him and sent his beautiful daughters to seduce him.

    Mara doesn't want to destroy the world; he wants to keep people distracted. As long as you are chasing desire, fearing death, or clinging to your ego, you remain in his kingdom.
[^6]: The five skulls specifically refer to the Five Wisdoms (五智, Wǔzhì), which in Sanskrit are the Pancha-jnana. These are the same wisdoms represented by the Five Wisdom Buddhas (like Vairocana, whom we discussed earlier):

    * **Dharmadhatu-jnana:** Wisdom of the Essence of Reality (The absolute truth).
    * **Adarsha-jnana:** Mirror-like Wisdom (Seeing things clearly without bias).
    * **Samata-jnana:** Wisdom of Equality (Realizing all things are interconnected).
    * **Pratyavekshana-jnana:** Wisdom of Discernment (Understanding the uniqueness of things).
    * **Krtyanusthana-jnana:** All-Accomplishing Wisdom (The power to act for the benefit of all).
[^7]: In Indian mythology, depending on the context, they can be seen a benovolent guardians of the earth or terrifying, man-eating demons.

    In Chinese, they are often nicknamed 捷疾鬼 (jiéjíguǐ), meaning "swift-moving ghosts," because of their incredible speed.
    
    Many Yakshas are seen as guardians of treasures, mountains, and forests. In the Buddhist tradition, they are one of the Eight Legions (Tianlong Babu)—beings who were once wild but converted to protect the Dharma.
    
    In folklore and certain scriptures, they are depicted as fierce, ugly, and physically powerful creatures that feed on human flesh or vital essence.
    
    In Buddhism, they will often see at the entrance of temples—muscular, fierce-looking, and holding weapons—intended to scare away the Maras we discussed earlier.
[^8]: In Buddhism, this usually refers to the Three Realms of Existence (the Realm of Desire, the Realm of Form, and the Formless Realm) or the Three Times (Past, Present, and Future). To "subjugate the Three Worlds" implies wielding absolute, unrivaled power over all of existence, time, and karma.
[^9]: **Akasa** means Space, Sky, or the Void.
    
    **Garbha** means Storehouse, Treasury, or Womb.
    
    If you think of the universe as a vast, empty container, she is the one who holds all the treasures of wisdom, merit, and skillful means within that "void."
[^10]: Referring to **Mahakala**.