---
title: "The Second Faction"
id: "200"
prev: "199"
next: "201"
---

# Chapter 200: The Second Faction

This dao rhythm was a fake, deliberately given to him by Monk Chanzhi with an ulterior motive.

Regarding this possibility, Li Qi actually felt the probability was quite low.

It was highly unlikely.

If Monk Chanzhi truly possessed a method to directly eradicate devilish thoughts, even if it was just the brief suppression he had demonstrated, his condition wouldn't be this abysmal.

Therefore, Li Qi temporarily ruled out this possibility.

Then, what if this thing was truly given by Paranirmita-vasavartin Devaputra Mara?

Just thinking about this possibility made Li Qi tremble all over, his heart pounding wildly.

Paranirmita-vasavartin Devaputra Mara had actually forced something onto him, and he couldn't even throw it away.

If this were true, then Li Qi felt as though he had already been handed a death sentence.

But that should also be highly unlikely.

What virtue or ability did Li Qi possess to qualify for a mighty figure at the Rank 1 level to give him a gift? Moreover, this mighty figure would have had to carefully control their power to avoid blowing him to pieces.

Li Qi didn't think he had that much face.

Then, what if there was another possibility? For instance, what if what he encountered wasn't Paranirmita-vasavartin Devaputra Mara, but some other unknown existence?

But it was incredibly obvious that he had only come into contact with that terrifying existence through the devilish thoughts.

Furthermore, the other party possessed an immense suppressive ability over these low-level devils and devilish thoughts, a level of suppression even the Rank 7 Chanzhi couldn't achieve.

It was hard to comprehend.

Li Qi pondered for a long time, but couldn't make sense of it no matter how hard he tried, so he simply gave up thinking about it.

That strand of dao rhythm had to be suppressed. He absolutely could not use it, shouldn't even look at it, and it was best not to even think about it!

Just pretend it doesn't exist.

In any case, it was just an accidental acquisition. Once the matters here were settled, Li Qi would definitely have to find a way to figure it out.

Unfortunately, his teacher hadn't given Li Qi a way to contact him, only leaving behind a task in a completely hands-off approach.

If Young Master Zhu had told him how to get in touch, Li Qi would have definitely called for backup ages ago.

He had even held back from calling for help when a Rank 9 had to fight a Rank 7, trying to find a solution himself.

But this strand of dao rhythm of unknown origin had truly terrified him.

However...

There should be other ways.

For example, the backup he _could_ call.

---

Another day passed.

Li Qi's true body suppressed that strand of Heavenly Devil dao rhythm, then finally took a well-deserved break and went to sleep.

In truth, it was only a light doze. As long as his split soul was awake, his consciousness couldn't truly rest.

He had been working heavy overtime these past few days.

Meanwhile, Li Qi's split soul had racked its brains over the course of the day and finally located the other Rank 7 in Vast Yang City.

One of the Three Ministers, the Minister of Works.

The only remaining local faction in Vast Yang City that could still be utilized.

Since Li Qi was preparing to drop the act and show his hand, he needed to make full use of his identity as a Young Master. Naturally, he couldn't let a single local faction slip away; he had to rally all of them.

The Minister of Works was in charge of water and timber affairs, overseeing water conservancy and civil engineering. It was a very important official position.

Urban planning and construction, the flow of mountain and rivers, and so on all fell within his jurisdiction.

At this moment, Li Qi was inside an underground water conservancy regulation grand array outside Vast Yang City.

This grand array was located four hundred miles west of Vast Yang City, connecting the mountain and rivers within a radius of four thousand miles. It helped regulate the mountain qi and water qi, ensuring favorable weather for Vast Yang.

There were a total of three such grand arrays in Vast Yang, capable of covering more than eighty percent of the region.

Li Qi stood there, looking around.

This place was located ten miles underground. If it weren't for Wang Boyan's help, he wouldn't have been able to find it even if he searched until the day he died.

The surroundings were a karst cave, dark and pitch-black, but the echoing sounds felt more vast and profound than on the surface. Though indistinguishable in the gloom, stalactites hung down like pillars in the passageway, emitting a faint glimmer. Inside the cave, formations resembling draped silks and beaded nets created an incredibly bizarre and magnificent spectacle, presenting a dazzling array of wonders that overwhelmed the eyes.

A gusty wind howled incessantly through the hollow cavern.

It was in this kind of place that the Minister of Works, a mighty Rank 7 expert, stood trembling before Li Qi.

The moment Li Qi arrived, the other party sensed someone's approach and rushed over at flying speed.

After Li Qi flashed a glimpse of his Grand Invocator divine qi, his attitude had transformed into its current state.

"Lord Minister of Works, you are a dignified Rank 7, how did it come to this?" Li Qi sighed and shook his head. "Hidden away in this gloomy chamber without seeing the light of day—have you truly been forced into a dead end?"

The Vast Yang Minister of Works hurriedly bowed. "Chanzhi's tyrannical might is too immense. This humble official was truly unable to withstand him. Of my two colleagues, one died and one fled. I cultivate the Reason Dao and am not adept at fighting to begin with, so I had no choice but to resort to this poor strategy—hiding here to preserve my meager life!"

Yes, that was the truth of the matter.

This dignified mighty Rank 7 expert had been pushed to this state by Chanzhi. He was now hiding deep underground, terrified that if he showed his face, Chanzhi would devour his heart and turn him into a puppet.

However, Li Qi could understand.

Chanzhi was indeed terrifying.

Looking at it this way, back then he hadn't fought one against two, but one against three!

He simultaneously fought the Vast Yang Minister of War, Minister of Works, and the Prefect, resulting in one dead and two fleeing.

And Monk Chanzhi had fought them while in an extremely poor condition, as he was plagued by devilish thoughts and had only come to Baiyue to seek a path to balance.

The disparity was simply too terrifying.

It was almost like the gap between Li Qi and an ordinary Rank 9.

"Then there is no need for the Minister of Works to hide like this anymore. This Young Master has come precisely to deal with Monk Chanzhi." Li Qi stepped forward quickly, supporting the strongest person he could currently rally.

Being helped up by Li Qi, the Minister of Works hastily said, "With the Young Master's arrival, your brilliant and righteous heart is evident! This humble official suddenly feels as though there is a clear blue sky even in this dark room. Vast Yang will surely see the ghosts amd gods offer their spiritual aid, the sun and moon shine brightly in the heavens, and the six directions fully illuminated! The disaster of the demonic monk is finally going to be resolved!"

As he spoke, he looked as if he was about to burst into tears, his face bearing an expression of 'the great righteous official has finally arrived.'

Li Qi frowned at this display but didn't say anything. Instead, he pulled him to sit down in the cave. "There is no need to speak more of this. Otherwise, why would I have made a special trip here? It's just that I am new here and many things are still unclear to me. I still require the Minister of Works' assistance!"

The Minister of Works said repeatedly, "With the Young Master here in person, this humble official will naturally offer my utmost assistance. I will share all that I know without reservation. Wherever the Young Master points his banner, this humble official is willing to serve as your loyal dog and horse! However, may I ask the Young Master, why have you come entirely alone? Are your retinues waiting outside?"

Li Qi smiled and shook his head. "The Minister of Works is mistaken. This time, I came alone from the start. I have no retinue by my side."

As soon as these words were spoken, the Vast Yang Minister of Works' face instantly turned ghastly pale!

His legs began to tremble uncontrollably. All the courage he had mustered and the promises he had just made were tossed to the back of his mind, and the urge to flee immediately rose in his heart.

Was this Young Master an idiot?! Without a retinue, what could a mere Rank 9 do on his own? He wasn't expecting him to go risk his life fighting the demonic monk of Vast Yang, was he!?

Did he not know how massive the disparity was?

On the other side, Li Qi didn't even need to look closely; a single glance was enough to know what this man was thinking.

For no other reason than the Vast Yang Minister of Works had already started shuffling backward.

Li Qi sighed. No wonder the situation in Vast Yang had deteriorated to such an extent.

With the three main officials of a prefecture acting like this, if the upper beam was so crooked, how bent could the lower beams be?

So, Li Qi wore a sinister smile and said, "Lord Minister of Works, you aren't thinking of running, are you?"

The Minister of Works had indeed wanted to slip away. Called out by Li Qi, his body stiffened, and he awkwardly remained in place.

However, he couldn't force himself to say he would stay, so he just stood there, frozen stiff.

Li Qi's face hardened. "Lord Minister of Works, don't you feel a bit aggrieved right now? A dignified Rank 7, hiding underground like a centipede or a bug, shrinking your head and seeking only a peaceful night's sleep. Is this how you cultivated to Rank 7?"

In his heart, the Minister of Works remained completely unbothered.

Struggling to survive was human nature. Had this Young Master of the Shaman God Mountain cultivated himself stupid? Did he think risking one's life was the only good way?

But he was cowardly by nature and didn't dare refute Li Qi to his face. He simply bowed immediately, acting subservient and agreeing with every word.

However, Li Qi knew what he was thinking, so his previous remark was merely an opener.

With a wave of his hand, earth and stone molded themselves into the shape of a table and chairs. Li Qi pulled the Minister of Works down to sit. "Lord Minister of Works, do you know why I came to find you?"

The Minister of Works immediately replied, "This humble official does not know."

Inwardly, however, he grumbled, _This fellow just said he wanted my help. He's obviously just eyeing my cultivation base, wanting me to die for him. Does he think it's that simple?_

He had hidden here specifically to save his life. For this Young Master to seek him out without bringing a single guard, what other purpose could there be besides making him face Monk Chanzhi directly?

"You do not know? Then let me explain it to you in detail. Lord Minister of Works, do you truly believe Chanzhi doesn't know you are hiding here?" Li Qi pressed.

He had no intention of using his title to coerce this Rank 7. Although the other party was cowardly, a cornered dog will bite. If he truly forced the man to go to his death, Li Qi bet that the Minister would absolutely kill him first and then flee to the ends of the earth.

Whether he would succeed in fleeing was another matter, but Li Qi would definitely die.

To deal with Wang Boyan, he could use future prospects as bait, but for this kind of person, enticement with wealth and coercion were useless. He had to choose another method.

Thus, Li Qi had long prepared a different set of rhetoric.

"He definitely does not know. The grand array here has the effect of concealing auras; it can regulate the landscape veins to shield me. Moreover, even if he did discover me, this place also possesses defensive capabilities. If I hold the fort here, there is absolutely no way he can break in without two or three years of effort. By that time, the Kingdom Lord will definitely have freed up his hands! The danger here will naturally be resolved."

Speaking of this, the Minister of Works immediately proposed, "If the Young Master has come into conflict with Monk Chanzhi, why not stay here as well? I can certainly keep the Young Master safe!"

"A child of great wealth does not sit near the edge of the hall. It is much safer to stay here with me. The Young Master can even summon your retinue to help secure an early escape!"

Great. Li Qi hadn't even started persuading him, yet the man had already started trying to persuade Li Qi.

"Wait, does the Minister of Works know why I came here without bringing a retinue?" Li Qi interrupted.

"This humble official does not know," he said.

The Minister of Works was indeed somewhat puzzled. Why was this Young Master looking for death?

It was glaringly illogical. A Young Master of the Shaman God Mountain only needed to progress step-by-step, and he could easily become a protagonist of this world, a proud child of heaven in the eyes of all.

Why come here and take such a massive risk?

Thus, Li Qi clasped his hands behind his back and raised his chin high. "It is precisely because I saw this opportunity!"

Li Qi's voice grew impassioned. "I am an unparalleled genius! Endowed with an outstanding bearing that crowns the world, harboring grand strategies to traverse the lands! Now that Vast Yang is facing the fate of disintegration, is this not the perfect opportunity for me to draw my sword and fight for glory? If, with the body of a Rank 9, I can revitalize Vast Yang and pacify the demonic monk, cleansing the Hundred Forests and purging the demon nest—what standing would I achieve then?!"

"To turn the tide is the duty of our generation; a single long howl can split the heavens! That demonic monk is the perfect target for me to test my skills. His head is an item already in my bag—how could I let a retinue take that honor?!"

Li Qi's unyielding, heroic posture appeared incredibly magnanimous at first glance.

However, the Minister of Works merely curled his lip.

Did these proud children of heaven truly think everyone was an idiot? Spouting such words—if he was so capable, he should go fight the Rank 7 himself! Why come looking for him?

He did admire the spirit of these unparalleled geniuses, but as a sparrow, he couldn't be bothered to care about the lofty ambitions of swans.

It truly had nothing to do with him.

Li Qi naturally knew his mindset as well, so he hadn't expected to persuade the man with this speech.

Therefore, after stating his purpose, Li Qi sat back down. "Since the Minister of Works knows my intentions, I will continue."

"I have already thoroughly investigated Monk Chanzhi's background. He belongs to the Dakini lineage under Mahakala. As you know, they are infamous demonic monks, so it is not surprising that he would do such things."

"However, a major problem occurred in his cultivation. Devilish thoughts have invaded his body, causing an imbalance between his Buddhist and devilish natures. While he is not in danger of perishing, a single misstep could easily cause him to fall into the Devil Dao. From then on, his path would be completely destroyed, unable to advance even an inch."

"Now, do you understand his condition?" Li Qi cast a sidelong glance at the Minister of Works.

He didn't wait for the Minister to reply, immediately firing off his next words like a cannon.

"So, do you really think he doesn't know where you are hiding? Why do you think the Prefect who fled hasn't been heard from? Do you truly believe this place can stop him?"

"The only reason you are still alive, crawling around down here in the dirt, is simply because he doesn't have the spare vital energy to deal with you."

Li Qi's tone was flat, as if he were discussing a trivial matter.

Yet it was exactly this tone that made the Minister of Works frown deeply, his heart shuddering.

"Is what the Young Master says true?"

He had never heard any news about the monk. Hearing this now, a deep fear instantly gripped his heart.

Li Qi smiled and replied, "This Young Master does not plan to rely on the strength of any retinue. Coming to Vast Yang completely alone, starting from scratch, and eradicating a Rank 7 demonic monk—this is a trial this Young Master set for himself. Tell me, do you think I am someone who seeks my own death?"

The Minister of Works frowned, not daring to say much.

Because he knew the nature of these unparalleled geniuses.

They called it a trial, but in reality, they definitely carried more than one life-saving treasure. If people like himself willingly served as their hounds, leading the charge, they might get a scrap of meat, but if the master deemed it necessary, they would just be sent to die.

Following a genius would surely lead to a death without a burial place.

However, at that moment, Li Qi stood up. "Alright, that is all I have to say. This Young Master has other matters to attend to. Since the Minister of Works has made his decision, I shall take my leave."

Li Qi turned around, preparing to leave.

The Minister of Works had still been contemplating, but upon hearing this, he hastily reached out a hand. "Young Master, please wait!"

But Li Qi didn't stop. Turning a deaf ear, he took large strides and left the cavern.

Outside, Wang Boyan was waiting.