---
title: "Test (II)"
id: "29"
prev: "28"
next: "30"
---

# Chapter 29: Test (II)

"This lowly one will do my utmost!" Li Qi immediately complied.

"Shh, keep your voice down." Young Master Zhu gestured with his finger, then said, "Do you know of Baiyue?"

"Uh... I have seen it on notices. I heard that the Great Deer Kingdom belongs to the Baiyue region?" Li Qi answered.

"Correct. The Great Deer Kingdom is but a speck of land. Within the Hundred Thousand Mountains of Baiyue, there are hundreds of such kingdoms. The entire Baiyue is no more than the size of one prefecture of the Tang Empire. As for me, I come from Shaman God Mountain and am a Shaman Dao Invocator."

"Beyond Baiyue lies Nanyue, and further still, Annan and Houli, occupying territories of who knows how many tens of thousands of miles. The so-called Great Deer Kingdom is merely less than one-thousandth of my Shaman God Mountain's domain."

"However, this area of Baiyue borders the Tang Empire and is deeply influenced by it. The Great Deer Kingdom and Song Kingdom suffer deeply from this. So you can see that this place, compared to the subordinates of Shaman God Mountain, resembles a vassal state of the Tang Empire more."

Hearing this, Li Qi decisively pricked up his ears, silently memorizing these things.

Clearly, these were not things ordinary people could hear; remembering them certainly wouldn't result in a loss.

"And now, you have also seen Lady Luofu's wanted poster. She has already fled from the Jiannan Dao, escaping into the territory of Baiyue," Young Master Zhu said. "Connecting Baiyue, the Great Deer Kingdom, and the Tang Empire's relationship, what do you think I want you to do?"

Before the question was even finished, a cold sweat had already broken out on Li Qi's back.

Because he immediately thought of one thing.

Jiannan Dao!

On the road, he had encountered a demon who claimed her family came from Jiannan Dao.

What relationship did she have with Lady Luofu?

And what relationship with Baiyue!?

He immediately understood how deep the waters were behind this matter.

Connecting the dots, with just a little divergence, it wasn't hard to reach a conclusion.

Shaman God Mountain and the Tang Empire must be rivals. Both were likely vast powers spanning immense territories, and any struggle between them would inevitably affect countless people.

Looking at it now... the chessboard for this wrestling match was in the Great Deer Kingdom?

_No, the Great Deer Kingdom isn't qualified enough. The board must be the entirety of northern Baiyue, including the Song Kingdom, the Great Deer Kingdom, and a host of other nations. They are all pawns in the game between these two great powers!_

_So, the Great Deer Kingdom now... uses the prefecture and county system? And has this current chaotic political state?_

He had been roasting the chaotic Chuanyan system earlier, but looking at it now, the chaos seemed... not limited to the Chuanyan system. Including the attitude of the government and the strange situation of the populace, it seemed there had been clues all along.

The government had rules and controlled things very strictly. Various laws and decrees were extremely detailed, even requiring that homicide cases be solved.

But in execution, it was extremely loose—loose to the extent that as long as the officials were too lazy to move, even a homicide case wouldn't be filed.

Even a system like the Chuanyan, which resembled an ID card, existed, yet each Chuanyan only circulated within the city. It was useless once out of the city, and one could even get another card with a different identity in other cities.

Looseness and strictness, regularized laws and gang autonomy—these various conflicting and contradictory phenomena all highlighted strange points.

_This... is perhaps the difference between Shaman God Mountain and the Tang Empire?_

_Then, looking at it from this aspect, Shaman God Mountain... seems to be at a disadvantage?_

The original Baiyue region had now adopted the Tang Empire's system. Including laws, various official positions, and even the government offices had taken the shape of the Tang Empire's system.

_Then, at this moment... with this Lady Luofu matter occurring, what would Shaman God Mountain want to do?_

Undoubtedly, the enemy of an enemy is a friend. Although he didn't know how formidable Lady Luofu was, being personally ordered to be hunted down by the Emperor of the Tang Empire, her status surely wouldn't be low.

_Shaman God Mountain wants to find Lady Luofu? To discuss cooperation?_

_That woman I met, was she Lady Luofu?_

_Pah, impossible. If Lady Luofu had that IQ, she definitely would have died before escaping the Tang Empire._

But that demon also said she came from Jiannan Dao.

If it wasn't a coincidence of place names, then there was a ninety-nine percent chance she was related to Lady Luofu.

Only looking at her appearance, her status wouldn't be too high.

_In other words, my identity as a person of the Outer Dao possesses the trait of being unable to be divined._

_That means Young Master Zhu didn't actually divine my location to come here; he might have... been following me for a long time._

_Pushing that logic further, was the Ox Strength Art also part of his plan?_

_Was the sacrificial prayer I improvised truly effective?_

_Is the River Breaking rite really something that I could exploit a loophole in?_

_Could it be… that at that very moment, Young Master Zhu was watching from the sky as I fiddled with the ritual prayer?_

_So, extrapolating from that hypothesis, was he watching my every move on the road as well?_

_Was it a test?_

_Related to the task he wants to entrust to me?_

_And then, I just so happened to run into a demon connected to Lady Luofu._

_Did that demon escape?_

_Definitely couldn't escape. This Young Master Zhu clearly possesses immense power. That demon was a fool, as if her head were full of water. She might have divine abilities, but she's definitely no match for him._

_Putting the clues together, let's make a bold guess._

_The demon related to Lady Luofu was caught, and I was singled out by this Young Master Zhu because of my identity as a person of the Outer Dao..._

_Would the trait of the Outer Dao produce a special effect in this event? Is it necessary?_

It took time to tell, but it happened fast in reality. All of this was thought through in Li Qi's head in just a few seconds.

Pondering these points, he spoke. "Young Master, could it be you wish for me to act as your envoy, under the guidance of Lady Luofu's person, to meet Lady Luofu and discuss matters between Shaman God Mountain and the Tang Empire?" Li Qi answered cautiously.

Young Master Zhu revealed a surprised expression but still nodded his head. "Clever indeed. Only with this kind of wit can you be qualified to meet Lady Luofu. That is exactly my meaning. Do you still remember that rabbit demon you met yesterday?"

"That demon was a rabbit demon?" Only then did Li Qi know that the one named Shen Shuibi turned out to be a rabbit demon.

"She is a rabbit, and thus as stupid as one. But as it happens, she is Lady Luofu's personal handmaiden. I trust she can find Lady Luofu's location. At that time, as a person of the Outer Dao, you cannot be located by divination arts, and you can also demonstrate my Shaman God Mountain's sincerity to Lady Luofu."

"Take her and find Lady Luofu. This is the task I give you. As for the remuneration... join Shaman God Mountain and become my apprentice. What do you think?" Young Master Zhu said.

Hearing this, Li Qi bowed immediately. "Disciple pays respect to Master!"

_Was he kidding? To not cling tightly to such a powerful patron would be the height of foolishness._

"Not so fast. An apprentice, not a disciple. You need not call me Master. Now, back to the matter at hand. Do you know why I said you are about to die?"