---
title: "Governor"
id: "4"
prev: "3"
next: "5"
---

# Chapter 4: Governor

A spell art!?

"Are you sure it's a spell art?" The expression on Uncle Liu's face froze.

"Yes, a spell art. But, I don't know what happened, I... seem to have learned it too?" Li Qi rubbed his head.

Yes, apart from that baffling progress bar that had appeared in his mind, he had also gained another set of memories.

No, it couldn't be called a memory, because there were no concrete text or patterns inside. It was more like a kind of... insight?

"You learned it too? Can you teach it to the gang?" Uncle Liu's originally dejected expression suddenly turned into surprise.

"I don't know... I can't use it yet, and I don't know how to describe it. It seems to be a sensation; there are no words, so I can't describe it either. Give me a little time." Li Qi didn't know how to explain it.

"It should be a Divine Intent Inheritance. It's normal that you can't say it." Uncle Liu, however, nodded, accepting Li Qi's explanation.

"You know about it, Uncle Liu?" Li Qi was stunned.

"Who do you think established the Wave-Rowing Gang? And who brought the Wave-Shattering Force here first?" Uncle Liu smiled and said.

Subsequently, he comforted Li Qi, "It's fine. Since we got the Divine Intent Inheritance, we can consider it a free gain. The only problem is, how did the Strong Force Gang latch onto an expert?"

Li Qi explained, "I heard from the side that the expert divined that the Strong Force Gang could help him obtain an Outer Dao object, so he hired the Strong Force Gang to search. And they actually found it, so that expert rewarded them with a spell art. I happened to stumble upon that scene and seemed to have been affected too. Uncle Liu, what is a Divine Intent Inheritance?"

After reconfirming that Li Qi had mastered the Divine Intent Inheritance, Uncle Liu's expression completely relaxed. He first looked around to ensure no one was eavesdropping, then continued, "I don't know exactly what a Divine Intent Inheritance is, but I know it's like throwing a book into your brain. As long as you train often, you can learn the cultivation method inside. I had a fortuitous encounter in the past and learned the Wave-Shattering Force, which is how the Wave-Rowing Gang came to be."

"You will teach us, right?" Uncle Liu asked, looking a bit nervous.

Although he trusted Li Qi very much, but... that was a spell art, after all.

"Don't worry. After I learn it, I won't forget the people in the gang." Li Qi hurriedly promised.

The Wave-Rowing Gang had taught him the Wave-Shattering Force anyway, and it was Uncle Liu who had saved him in the beginning. He was not an ungrateful person, nor would he go so far as to hoard a spell art.

Besides, if he taught it to the gang and the gang's strength increased, perhaps they could do other business. At that time, they could live better too. It was a matter where cooperation benefited both sides; there was no need to hide it privately.

"That's good. You don't need to go to River Breaking. We'll cover for you. Your share of the reward won't be missing either. Go back now, carefully study the Divine Intent in your brain, and see if you can obtain the spell art." Uncle Liu waved his hand, preparing to let Li Qi go back.

But Li Qi shook his head. "No, I can't go back now. Although I masked my face, someone from the Strong Force Gang definitely saw me. They definitely won't let the matter rest."

"They will definitely chase after me. When the time comes and they find someone didn't go to River Breaking, they will surely spot the anomaly just like us," Li Qi said.

Just as they had sought out the Strong Force Gang because they hadn't come to River Breaking, the people of the Strong Force Gang weren't stupid. They would definitely detect that there was an issue with whoever went back.

"So, we carry on with River Breaking as usual. Earlier when you all gathered to save me, just tell the outside that I caught a wind-chill fever and suddenly fainted, and you went to save me. Our stories must match. Uncle Liu, go instruct them personally. Remember, none of us went out today. I fainted because I got a fever."

"Right, right, right, I was too anxious. We'll do as you say! You rest first, I'll go tell them." Uncle Liu nodded repeatedly, then immediately walked out of the shed, striding quickly toward the crowd of the Wave-Rowing Gang.

Li Qi, however, shook his head and sat back down.

He stayed until the next River Breaking track.

For the entire day, he continued the work of River Breaking, pulling the boat with exceptional effort.

It wasn't until evening that the ice on Li River was crushed into powder and the water began to flow. River Breaking had ended.

But he didn't show anything.

Throughout this day, he had realized...

The thing in his head was probably the only remaining little bit of his game console.

The so-called Outer Dao object was that progress bar.

This was his guess. It wasn't necessarily correct, but after thinking about it for a day, it should be so.

Perhaps this was some residual game progress bar? The only thing left of his game console?

_Damn it_, if the game console were intact, would he have a system right now? Instead of just this one progress bar that didn't seem very useful?

But complaining was useless; it was better to accept reality.

As for that strange 'insight' in his brain, he also saw clearly what it was.

How did he see it clearly?

Naturally, he only needed to focus on that insight, and a progress bar would pop up before his eyes:

<div class="rustic-frame">

Learning: Ox Strength Art, Progress 1%.

</div>

So the name of this insight was the Ox Strength Art?

With 'Art' as the suffix, it indeed seemed to be a spell art.

Originally it was 0%, but he tried it out. It seemed that he only needed to immerse himself in it and gradually move his body along with the rhythm inside to begin gradually comprehending the methods within.

Just like that, he immersed himself in the sensation, utilizing what seemed like 'instinct' within it and applying it to pulling the boat. After pulling for a whole day, it finally turned into 1%.

"River Breaking has ended. Trackers, come here. The Lord Governor will personally grant you rewards!" An official stood by the river, shouting to a group of trackers tired as dogs.

Hearing these words, the trackers, even though sweating profusely and exhausted like dead dogs, scrambled up one after another.

Tired for a day, and even paying a great price earlier to fight for River Breaking—wasn't it all for today's reward!

Boats couldn't pass through yet, because only the ice in this section had been crushed. The entire Li River was thousands of _li_ long; how could ships pass through all of it?

River Breaking was just a ceremony, a ritual praying for the river waters to thaw as soon as possible.

However, generally, seven or eight days after the River Breaking ceremony, the whole river would be open for ships.

Li Qi also threw away those superfluous thoughts and quickly ran over to stand in a group.

He wasn't in a hurry. If he could stall for a while longer, then he would stall.

After all, during River Breaking, the Li Prefecture Martial Defense Corps was here, and the Governor of Li Prefecture was also here. That young man seen earlier shouldn't dare to act rashly, right?

Although he knew this was actually useless—if the other party really wanted to trouble him, no one could save him—there was no other way. Dodging for a moment was still dodging, right?

There were many people around, approximately ten thousand, lining up for a full two or three _li_ along the Li River riverbank.

The River Breaking ceremony didn't just involve trackers, but also sailors, boatwrights, weaving women, and so on. About several dozen groups gathered together to complete the River Breaking.

So after the ceremony ended, the Governor of Li Prefecture would circle the river under his honor guard, rewarding the people around the river who participated in the ceremony one by one.

Li Qi also watched the River Breaking ceremony progress bar before his eyes reach 97%.

He estimated that after the rewards were finished, it would turn into one hundred.

"The Lord Governor's carriage has arrived! Bow!" An official shouted loudly.

With a command, the crowd by the river fell to their knees on both legs. Within the three _li_ range of the Li River, thousands of people along the way dropped to the ground in unison like a wheat field blown by the wind!

A Governor of a prefecture possessed such authority.

Drums, carriages, honor guards, banners.

At the very front was a line of black-armored warriors. Each was eight feet tall, incredibly robust, with cold gazes. They looked at the trackers as if they were pigs and dogs, paying them no heed, merely holding long halberds silently to lead the way.

Li Qi had participated in River Breaking twice, so naturally, he understood what this was.

This was the Li Prefecture Martial Defense Corps.

Every single one was a humanoid Gundam. Li Qi had personally seen the Commander of the Martial Defense Corps sever the Li River with one saber strike, making the water of the entire river pause for several seconds.

With black-armored warriors clearing the way, behind them was the carriage.

The carriage was magnificent, engraved with mountains and rivers, layers of crimson clouds, towering precipitous rocks, mist reflecting light, and stone colors looking ready to fly. Behind countless mountains and rivers, twin watchtowers stood facing each other, surrounded by layered cliffs, with a great river passing through.

If one paid slightly closer attention, they could discover that on the carriage was a geomancy map of Li Prefecture.

The Governor was seated within this carriage. A man nine feet tall with a handsome appearance drove the carriage, slowly traveling past the banks of the Li River.

At every place he passed, he would recite a sacrificial text, and then officials would step forward to put down rewards.

Coming all the way, he arrived in front of Li Qi's group of trackers.

A voice came from the carriage, full of vigor:

<div class="special-announcement">

In the Azure Palace, there is the God of Li River, commanding forty-two departments, accompanied by ninety million beings, in charge of the myriad spirits and matters of the ten thousand _li_ of Li River. You trackers are one of its departments, pulling boats and sailing ships, resolving heavenly disasters above, aiding the obscure depths below. Today at the Grand Ceremony of River Breaking, you used _Qi_ to dissolve the calamitous waters, eliminating transgressions and destroying sins. You shall be rewarded!

</div>

With this passage of sacrificial text, three officials stepped forward, dragging up nine fat pigs, nine nets of fresh fish, two handfuls of copper coins, and two blocks of hard ice just fished out of the river, placing them before the kneeling Water Horse Gang leader and Uncle Liu.

The pigs were estimated to weigh five hundred to one thousand kg. They had black bristles and sharp tusks. The stiff hair on their bodies looked impenetrable to blades and spears, but now they were tied up tight, unable to move.

The fish were also close to half a meter long. Some even had sharp teeth, looking incredibly ferocious at a glance.

The two gangs split the rewards in half. Being the trackers of the first relay, the Wave-Rowing Gang received the extra portion, taking five pigs and five nets of fish.

The two gangs took their rewards, but neither left.

Because they had to wait until all rewards were finished before they could leave together.

"What is happening...?" Li Qi, who originally just wanted to muddle through for a peaceful period, saw a progress bar pop up on the Governor's carriage:

<div class="rustic-frame">

Ritual Enhancement: 90%.

</div>

This progress bar progressed extremely fast; it ended after rewarding the tracker gangs.

Li Qi didn't continue to lower his head but kept staring.

Then, he saw with his own eyes that every time a person was rewarded and a different sacrificial text was recited, this Ritual Enhancement progress bar would appear once.

After all rewards were distributed, the Governor's carriage left. From start to finish, he didn't say a word, nor did he show his face.

But Li Qi suddenly thought of a point.

It was what that young scholar had said: "Methods of the Human Dao gather the masses for one's own use. The various kingdoms of this world are all followers of the Human Dao."

_Is this sacrificial ceremony a type of Human Dao?_

Li Qi guessed as much.

Then, he looked at the Li River again.

This time, he was stunned to discover a progress bar hanging over the Li River.

<div class="rustic-frame">

River Breaking Ceremony: Progress 99%.

</div>

_It's not over yet? What's going on?_ He unexpectedly discovered this point.

In the past, after all rewards were finished, the River Breaking ceremony would be over, and everyone else could scatter.

If not for the progress bar reminding him, this would be the first time he noticed that the River Breaking ceremony was actually not over yet.

At this moment, a tracker came up to call Li Qi.

"Brother Li, let's go! Tonight we still have to find the butcher to kill the pigs!"

"These five fat pigs today, plus the big fish, are definitely enough for us for a year!"

The trackers were in high spirits. Some prepared to take the fish home, while a dozen or so shouldered the fat pigs, preparing to move them to the butcher's to kill them.

In this world, killing pigs was technical work. Even if these trackers held chopping knives, they couldn't break the hide of these large pigs. They had to find specialized butchers whose cultivation methods were heavy and powerful, and who were proficient in the vital points of pigs and sheep. Only they could hack these fat pigs to death and strip the meat.

Therefore, the butchers also formed a small group.

In this world, almost everyone inevitably belonged to small groups centered around cultivation methods.

"You guys go back first, I won't go." Li Qi suddenly said.

"Ah? Not going? Then where are you going, Brother Li? In a while, they'll be chasing people away from the Li River side." The tracker was puzzled.

But at this time, Uncle Liu walked out and gave him a kick. "Why ask so much! I arranged things for Little Li. Why are you pig-heads asking questions! Go, the women at home are still waiting for meat to put in the pot!"

With Uncle Liu saying this, the others stopped asking. Their minds flew to the fat pigs and fresh fish.

Usually, they couldn't eat these!

They could catch fish, but what they caught were small fish. But these big fish before them possessed terrifying strength in the water. If one's cultivation method wasn't refined, being slapped by one could make one pass out directly. They weren't delicacies these trackers could eat often.

So they crowded around Uncle Liu and the pigs and fish, leaving in high spirits.

Uncle Liu didn't ask what Li Qi was actually going to do either.

After all, the current Li Qi was still shouldering a task; it should be regarding matters in that aspect.

This was also the benefit of a small group.

Here, an individual was nothing if they left the group, so rules and trust were especially important. After Li Qi made a promise, Uncle Liu unhesitatingly gave him equal trust.

Seeing them leave, Li Qi also prepared to walk outward.

He had to walk; just as that tracker said, they would chase people away if he didn't.

After River Breaking, no one was allowed to stay.

It was precisely this rule, combined with the 99% on the progress bar that remained unchanged, that made Li Qi suspicious.

Human Dao methods... relying on rituals to strengthen oneself?

The River Breaking ceremony wasn't over, yet the Governor began chasing people away.

This gave rise to a crazy notion in Li Qi.

_Could he take a share of the River Breaking ceremony!?_

One had to know, he was a participant in the first track of River Breaking, and also a part of this ceremony.

Now that he had stolen the spell art of the Strong Force Gang, according to the conventions of this world, he was a person who must be killed!

Furthermore, he didn't want to be a tracker for his whole life!

The suddenly awakened Golden Finger, along with the spell art in his brain, all made Li Qi sprout the idea to gamble on this!
