---
title: "Premonition"
id: "45"
prev: "44"
next: "46"
---

# Chapter 45: Premonition

Li Qi led Shen Shuibi and Old Ma into the stockade.

There was nothing peculiar inside; it was just an ordinary stockade. The entire village had only one ox, but... Li Qi felt that it was likely not an ordinary ox.

Come to think of it, this world didn't seem to have ordinary oxen either.

Just as horses were mostly spirit horses, oxen had their own unique qualities.

Li Qi knew that his own Ox Strength Art granted him "the strength of one ox."

That is to say, one ox, under normal circumstances, possessed an immense force of six thousand catties.

Are you kidding? What was the concept of six thousand catties?

As a researcher, Li Qi knew that in his world, one horsepower equaled 75 kg, or one hundred and fifty catties. That is, if a horse could drag an object weighing one hundred and fifty catties at a speed of one meter per second.

In other words, this ox had 40 horsepower. A 40-horsepower tractor could tow a trailer with fifteen tons of cargo and do so with ease.

During World War II, the Soviet T-37 tank only had 40 horsepower.

This ox was genuinely a small tank.

Entering the village, Li Qi set down his basket and exchanged goods with the villagers who gathered around.

Old Ma stayed by Shen Shuibi's side. Shen Shuibi seemed somewhat afraid of strangers, so she leaned against Old Ma, trying to hide herself and stay in the corner.

Baffling... Why hadn't she been afraid of strangers when she met him?

Oh, wait, she *had* seemed afraid then, too. She appeared to have been terrified of him at that time. But when they met again later, he had fooled her with his rhetoric in the first round. After that, she seemed to get familiar with him and stopped being afraid.

Then his luck was actually quite good not to have run into this rabbit when she was feeling shy.

Old Ma simply kept her company. Although he was weak and old, as a dragon colt, it was unlikely that ordinary people who hadn't cultivated could get close to him.

Meanwhile, Li Qi went to the side to trade goods.

The villagers had plenty of mountain goods and grain, but they lacked money. Usually, when traveling merchants came to the village, they would trade for some mountain goods to take away, then exchange those goods for money at shops in the city, and finally use the money to buy goods to send back into the mountains.

Li Qi had originally intended to do this as well, but it wasn't appropriate now.

"Fellow villager, I'm not trading for mountain goods. Do we have any beans? I want to trade for some beans and dried meat," Li Qi said to the approaching villagers.

There were about ten villagers around, all holding mountain goods like wood ear mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, wild mountain peppers, wild chestnuts, and the like.

"Beans? Don't you peddlers usually want mountain goods? What do you want beans for?" a farm woman asked in confusion.

"I'm not here to turn a profit; I want to scrape together some provisions for the journey!" Li Qi shouted to the people around him.

"Oh, no wonder you brought a horse and a little wife. So you aren't a proper merchant. Alright then, I'll go get you some beans." One farm woman packed up her own mountain goods and went back to get beans.

"My family slaughtered a pig this year and has some cured meat, but how do we trade? Don't you try to cheat me," another farm woman asked suspiciously, watching Li Qi carefully.

"Rest assured, I won't let you suffer a loss! We'll calculate it in money! How much is mine worth, how much is yours worth—we'll get the numbers right before we trade!" Li Qi yelled out his wares.

"Then what are you trading beans for?" another villager asked.

"The horse is sick; he needs to eat something good," Li Qi explained.

"Good heavens, the horse eats better than people! How precious!" another villager clicked his tongue, seeing that Li Qi's basket was full of rice cakes.

It was evident that while he himself ate rice cakes, he fed the horse beans.

Beans were not cheap things; they were much more expensive than rice!

"Can't be helped. If the horse eats them, he runs fast. If I eat them, I just pass wind!" Li Qi told a witty joke.

The surrounding villagers were amused and laughed heartily. After a round of conversation, they seemed to become familiar with Li Qi.

Just like that, chatting with the villagers as he went, he completed his exchanges. He traded away the surplus salt, farm tools, cloth, spatulas, and some medicine for headaches and fevers.

He traded for a few bags of dried beans, roughly fifty or sixty catties, along with some yams and sweet potatoes used to make up the numbers since there weren't enough beans.

There were also some mountain goods.

A farm woman had a sick family member at home and urgently needed to trade for medicine, but her family had no beans and certainly couldn't spare meat. She begged Li Qi to trade for mountain goods, so Li Qi's heart softened, and he traded for a bag of shiitake mushrooms and wood ear mushrooms.

That person knew gratitude and gave Li Qi a lot extra. Li Qi could be considered to have come out ahead, even if he couldn't use them for the time being.

But... they could be eaten on the road, couldn't they? He would treat it as improving his diet and being good to himself.

He couldn't distinguish mountain goods himself, so he usually didn't dare to pick them randomly. If he ate something deadly, no one would be responsible.

God knows if that thing just *looked* like a shiitake mushroom.

Better to be honest and safe; don't suffer a big loss trying to gain a small advantage.

There was also some dried meat. This was the bulk of the cost; these few pieces of dried meat cost Li Qi two hoes and a small jar of coarse salt.

Sure enough, meat was expensive.

After finishing the trades, the contents of Li Qi's basket had been swapped out for a new batch.

He didn't stay idle, however; he started helping the villagers pull rocks.

Li Qi saw it when he was packing his basket to go back.

It seemed there was a rock in the field hindering the clearing of the land. But this rock was simply too heavy and too large, buried dead deep in the earth. Even that ox couldn't drag it.

A group of villagers was pulling with hemp ropes, prying from behind with wooden sticks while pulling, but the rock wouldn't budge an inch.

Seeing this, Li Qi simply went up to direct them.

"That's not how you pull a heavy object." He walked up. "Come here, put it on your shoulder, learn my posture. This is the only way to apply force properly!"

Li Qi was a veteran tracker who could pull great boats, so what was a rock to him?

With the help of him and that ox, coupled with some tracker chants summoning the farmers to exert force together, they dragged the rock out of the earth.

Stone like this was good stuff. Pulling it out not only freed up a piece of land but meant the rock could be broken down to make a millstone or something else; it was a very useful resource.

Li Qi said his goodbyes. On the way back, if there was a hand to lend, he lent it.

By the time he returned, it was already noon, the time when the sun starts to descend.

Between his easygoing nature during the trades and his help with the villagers' work, although he had only been there half a day, he had blended in with the others. Some had already started calling him 'Little Brother.'

As for the other side...

Shen Shuibi was shrinking against the wall, holding Old Ma's reins.

Looking for all the world like she had social anxiety.

Perhaps this was just how rabbits were.

They had stayed right there until Li Qi finished his busywork in the afternoon and returned with the basket.

"What are you doing, what are you doing! Why are you shrunk up like that?" Li Qi asked the two of them, carrying the large basket.

"You're finally back!" The constantly nervous Shen Shuibi rushed out immediately and grabbed Li Qi's sleeve. "Did you trade for everything? Then let's leave!"

"Yeah, the things are traded, but why are you in such a rush to leave?" Li Qi found it strange.

Social anxiety shouldn't go to this extent, right?

"I have a premonition. Something bad is going to happen!" Shen Shuibi said in a panic.